  Dear employer, I'm Nikola and
this is my short story. 

  I have a full time job where
I've been working for 6 years.
Even through I have gained a huge
experience in this line of work,
I've started feeling less and less
enthusiastic about it which is why
I started programming in November
2017. Since then, I have felt so
passionate about it and very
dedicated to learning more, even
when I am tired from work. 

  At the first moment it was hard
and challenging, but when It comes
to computers, I felt secure since
I love everything about them. Now
I fell in love with Java.
	
  As a person, I'm very dedicated
to learn, with clear vision what I
want and unwilling to quit doing 
what I love the most. Hopefully, you
can contact me for more. 

  Best regards, Nikola Jovanovic 

  In menu bar you can switch to my 
other project I am currently building.
